megastar Jen to the new compact
separator from stand and Pearson
surprising performance in the field low
operating costs reliability through
proven technology all designed to keep
your input costs as low as possible
building on the worldwide success of
megastar
megastar Gen 2 uses the same star bet
technology with 12 rows of durable
polymer stars greater adjustability and
improved steering angles help to improve
output stars are arranged in active flow
formation active flow is a unique
patented system of stars with alternate
long fingers arranged in a spiral
configuration
Hector flow stars move soil clod and
stones away from the outside of the
machines to the center and then back
again repeating the process through the
machine for effective separation and the
best use of the star bed with no dead
spots or wasted areas active star
separation breaks up clause to produce
high-quality evenly structured modes
ideal conditions for planting into
with its compact dimensions and great
visibility megastar Gen 2 is easy to
drive this film shows the optional very
flow web
low tractor power requirement saves fuel
on every field you prepare with megastar
Jen to the high-strength monocoque
chassis has large doors providing
excellent access to all areas for
maintenance and adjustments
efficient saw separation with
reliability and ease of maintenance make
megastar Jen to the ideal compact soil
separator